Transferring Replit code to Cursor can be accomplished through SSH, allowing you to edit your Replit project directly within the Cursor IDE. This involves setting up an SSH connection between your local machine (where Cursor is installed) and your Replit project.
Steps for transferring Replit code to Cursor via SSH:
Generate an SSH Keypair:
On your local machine, open your terminal (or Windows Terminal on Windows) and generate an SSH keypair. A common command for this is:
Code

        ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -f "$env:USERPROFILE\.ssh\replit"
(For Windows, adjust the path as needed.)
Follow the prompts, pressing Enter for no passphrase if desired.
View your public key using:
Code

        Get-Content "$env:USERPROFILE\.ssh\replit.pub"
(For Windows) or cat ~/.ssh/replit.pub (for Linux/macOS). Copy the entire public key to your clipboard.
Add SSH Key to Replit:
Navigate to your Replit project and access the SSH panel (usually found in the project settings or a dedicated SSH tab).
Add a new SSH key, providing a label and pasting the public key you copied from your local machine.
Configure SSH in Cursor:
In Cursor, you will need to configure your SSH settings to connect to Replit. This often involves editing your SSH config file (e.g., %USERPROFILE%\.ssh\config on Windows).
Add an entry for Replit, specifying the Host, IdentityFile (path to your private key), and potentially the User and Port if necessary (information found in Replit's "Connect Manually" SSH instructions).
Code

        Host *.replit.dev
        IdentityFile C:\Users\YourUsername\.ssh\replit
(Adjust path and username as needed.)
Connect from Cursor:
Within Cursor, use the SSH functionality to connect to your Replit project. You may be prompted to select the operating system (choose Linux if connecting to Replit).
Once connected, you can open the project folder in Cursor, and the code will be synchronized with your Replit project. Changes made in Cursor will be reflected in Replit.
Note: Some users may find it easier to use Replit's one-click SSH setup if available, which can automate some of these steps. You can also export your Replit project to GitHub and then clone it into Cursor, though this requires manual synchronization for future changes.